Numerics and Arithmetic:
What is the difference between integers and floats?

A. integers and floats are saved differently, with more memory being allocated to
floats, hence why the distinction needs to be made. Integers are counting numbers,
whereas floats are numbers with values after the decimal point (even if it's zero).

What is the ruby command to find 2 to the 2nd power?

A. puts #{2**2}

Booleans
What do each of the following symbols mean?
==  :  is equal to
>=  :  is greater than or equal to
<=  :  is less than or equal to
!=  :  is not equal to
&&  :  and
||  :  or

What are two Ruby methods that return booleans?

A. ".empty?" for strings and ".include(2)" for lists (using 2 here as an example).

Conditionals
What is flow control?

A. the computer making decisions based on pre-existing conditions defined through
loops and conditional statements

What will the following code return?
apple_count = 4
if apple_count > 5
puts "Lots of apples!"
else
puts 'Not many apples...'
end

A. Not many apples...

What is an infinite loop, and how can you get out of one?

A. the boolean statement that allows the loop to reiterate will never be made false (or
the value the loop needs to stop) through the program running alone. Terminate the program
immediately if an infinite loop occurs by using Ctrl+C

Nil
What is nil?

A. nil is an empty set, a placeholder for something that has yet to be formally initialized

Symbols
How can symbols be beneficial in Ruby?

A. they set aside memory for a specific value that can be called later by calling
the symbol. This conserves memory, whereas using a regular value instead of a symbol
would use memory every time a new copy is used.

Does naming symbols use the same rules for naming variables?

A. yes.

Arrays
What method can you call to find out how many elements are in an array?

A. ".length"

What is the index of pizza in this array: ["pizza", "ice cream", "cauliflower"]?

A. 0

What do 'push' and 'pop' do?

A. "push" adds an element to the end of an array (e.g. array.push("hey")), "pop"
removes the last element of an array and outputs it (e.g. array.pop()).


Hashes
Describe some differences between arrays and hashes.

A. arrays use numbers to index values, whereas hashes use keys. Keys can be of any class.

What is a case when you might prefer an array? What is a case when you might prefer a hash?

A. When the number of elements in a data set need to be added to or detracted from en masse,
an array makes it easier to sort and maintain. When keeping track of properties, or variables,
associated with a greater object, hashes are easier to use in code and otherwise.
